initial draft of dump doc clarification (#32988)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/debug-linux-dumps.md

## Analyze dumps on Windows

> Dumps collected from a Linux machine can also be analyzed on a Windows machine using [Visual Studio](/visualstudio/debugger/using-dump-files), [Windbg](/windows-hardware/drivers/debugger/analyzing-a-user-mode-dump-file), or the [dotnet-dump](dotnet-dump.md) tool. Both Visual Studio and Windbg can analyze native and managed states, while dotnet-dump only understands managed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dumps collected from a Linux machine can also be analyzed on a Windows machine using [Visual Studio](/visualstudio/debugger/using-dump-files), [Windbg](/windows-hardware/drivers/debugger/analyzing-a-user-mode-dump-file), or the [dotnet-dump](dotnet-dump.md) tool. Both Visual Studio and Windbg can analyze native and managed code, while dotnet-dump only analyzes managed code.
```
